To add or remove columns in a list in Service Operations Workspace,
open the List Actions menu using the gear icon,
then select "Edit columns".
The Edit List window shows the columns currently displayed on the right
and all available columns on the left.
To add a column,
scroll or search for the field you need,
then select it from the "Available columns" list.
To remove a column,
find it in the "Selected columns" panel,
then click the remove icon.
When you're finished,
click "OK" to apply your changes and return to the list.
As you can see,
the removed column is no longer displayed,
and the added column now appears in the list.
These changes apply only to your personal view
and won't affect what others see.